hi Rosie friends it's Julie and today I
just want to do a quick little video
that will announce the winner of the
magic sub dish the product that are
reviewed a few weeks ago I will put a
link to that video right here so that
you can check it out if you want to but
um yeah along with that review came the
offer from the company that sent me the
magic stone fish to review for free not
sponsored to it would give away as well
for you so um we've got these here's the
package here's the magic soap dish as
well as you can see I'm still using it I
still intend to keep using it I really
like it but I have not been able to
actually do the draw for it even though
I might to it has been a busy few days
my mom had a retirement party it was
awesome I ended up getting a flat tire
on the way home I went through some
poisoning at one point I cut my hand
open so I've been through a little bit
of stuff that has caused some delays but
hurry or you can finally announce the
winner of the magic soap dish and I'm
really excited about that and this time
I'm going to do it a little bit
differently in that I will show on the
screen the select the winner who's been
selected but I'm not going to try and
turn the camera around and aim it at my
laptop because I've been told that that
is kind of annoying and shaky and I
don't want to nauseate anybody with my
shaky camera skills so I'm just going to
put the winner right onto the screen
same screen that you usually see using
the random name selector that I always
use but yes so I will just I will put
that in right here so that you can see
the winner so there you have it and huge
congratulations I'm super excited for
you because I know how much I really
like this product and I know that you'll
like it too I will contact you right
away through youtube messengers so
please watch for my message so that you
can respond all I will need is your name
and address so that it can be mailed to
you it will be mailed directly from the
company but that's all you'll be
receiving it doesn't come with spam or
anything like that you will not be asked
for money at any point this is
absolutely free not even for shipping
just like all my giveaways
always completely free so somebody
contacts you and pretends that they're
me and they say that they need money for
this don't believe them it's not me but
yeah so I'm also going to put a coupon
code on the screen right here as well as
in the description below for everybody
else who didn't win but who would like
to try this it is really inexpensive and
honestly it does a great job it's
supposed to basically keep the soap out
of the where where the water will
collect and everything like that to keep
it bacteria and bacteria free and things
like that I honestly am not too too
concerned about that I should be
probably but I'm not I tend to think of
soap as self-cleaning but what I really
like about it is that it does dry you
put the soap in here and then it dries
over quickly and it means that the soap
last a lot longer and because I tend to
use kind of more premium products and
all-natural products and things like
that they're a little pricier and I
wouldn't mind if they lasted a little
longer and that's exactly what this is
doing for me so that's the benefit that
I like from it and hopefully that you'll
like from it too if you try it or if you
were the winner yeah so this is just a
quick little video I will be back to the
normal type of videos on Sunday I have
some product reviews coming up I have
another giveaway coming up and I have a
couple of little home remedy tests that
I'm going to be doing as well so I think
that will be really fun to share with
you and if you have any ideas for
specific video topics that you would
like me to cover please feel welcome to
suggest them in the comments below I'm
always looking for new things to try our
new things to talk about if it's whether
it's a subject or whether it's actually
something to try on my face I will do my
best I can't guarantee that I could do
all of them because I need to be able to
afford the things and I am actually
quite careful about what I'll put on my
face I'm a little bit pink right now
because of my recent injury which is
causing some inflammation and whenever I
have inflammation anywhere I have
inflammation on my face but I will be
doing some light therapy on this later
on and hopefully that'll just take care
of it today or at least tomorrow in the
latest but yeah so it's got some
exciting things coming up I hope you
will keep watching my videos as I make
them if you'd like this video if you
like giveaways and having the
announcements done please give me a
thumbs up so that way I'll know and if
you want to see more videos where I do
giveaways or we're through the product
reviews or talk about rosacea in various
ways I hope you'll subscribe to my
channel if you haven't already and click
the little bell icon if you want to be
notified every time I create a new video
and make new videos every Sunday and
most Thursdays and I will see you next
time
[Music]